🚨Do not merge until Oct 18 launch - IDE GA docs (#2152)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/05-Oct-2022/new-ide-launch.md

---
title: "Enhancement: New Cloud IDE launch"
id: "new-ide-launch"
description: "Enhancement: New Cloud IDE launch"
sidebar_label: "Snappier, faster, and new Cloud IDE"
tags: [Oct-18-2022]
---

## Introducing a snappier, improved, and powerful Cloud IDE

The new version of the Cloud IDE makes it easy for you to build data models without thinking much about environment setup and configuration.

The new Cloud IDE includes performance upgrades, ergonomics improvements, and some delightful enhancements!

Some of the improvements include:

- Improved Cloud IDE startup time (starting the IDE), interaction time (saving and committing), and reliability.
- Better organization and navigation with features like drag and drop of files, breadcrumb, build button drop-down, and more.

> - You can use new features like auto-format your file, auto-complete model names, and git diff view to see changes made before you make a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can use new features like auto-format your file, auto-complete model names, and git diff view to see your changes before making a pull request.
```
